well my hair looks terrible on it
oh my god Wow look so short I don't like
it I don't like it
hey guys it's me again and as I promised
you guys I'm I made that video with
facts about long haired guys and I
decided to name it fun facts about long
haired guys sort of what I thought it
would be and as you you can deny it you
do that maybe maybe you're done anyway
so this is 17 months of hair growth and
it's basically I I don't see too much
difference from last month and but you
know I know it grew and I kind of see
myself in that part where you keep
measuring it you know I do that I still
do that I couldn't I couldn't get over
it I told you I think in my 14th month
video that I wasn't too much obsessed
with the land but I still AM and I keep
measuring it I know man no matter is
it's like two days after today i i
completed another month i will measure
it to see if it grew or not i think i
would only be able to get get over it
when my bangs kind of past my my chin
you know they are still here oh oh let
my hair loose for you guys see it my
hair in 17 months it's pretty cool i
think and
hope you guys like it hope you guys
enjoyed the video
fun facts about long haired guys if you
do that or not let me know in the
comments and if it's stupid and you
don't want me to repeat this ever again
I'll tell me in the comments that I'll
read it I'll answer it and I won't do
this kind of shit again
Oh another thing I forgot to mention
today I saw a guy name is lil something
I don't remember but he's some kind of
survivor he teaches you how to survive
in the forest and a nature kind like
that and he's hair he has terrible hair
like his hairline is like so big he had
long hair he has long hair is blond
you know his there's like so what right
here and it's still pretty cool so I'm
kind of like I don't care if my hairline
is big anymore if it gets bigger than
that and I and you know for some reason
I get like you know a really big
hairline like this I won't give a crap
about that it's gonna be still awesome
too
long locks so it's basically it guys and
well to finish the video I'll give you
the classic 360 here let's do this
that's basically it keep on growing
don't want in your hairline if you have
such other we hairline like mine and
thank you for the support it always
helped me to keep going and yeah thank
you and bye